release: v1.54.0 (#5954)
apollographql/router: .changesets/docs_feature_operationlimitsotel.md

> ### Add OTEL information for operation limits ([PR #5884](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5884))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Document OpenTelemetry information for operation limits ([PR #5884](https://github.com/apollographql/router/pull/5884))
```

> Add OTEL (OpenTelemetry) information for operation limits to docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The router's docs for operation limits now describe [using telemetry to set operation limits](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/operation-limits#using-telemetry-to-set-operation-limits) and [logging values](https://www.apollographql.com/docs/router/configuration/operation-limits#logging-values).
```
